hey what's up everybody welcome to this
episode of learning from the pros
joining me today is a good friend of
mine Justin Simon who's the founder of
distribution first and he's going to be
talking today about his 10 tips on
creating a Content strategy that aligns
with paid welcome Justin thanks Sylvio
glad to be here I'm pumped to have you
uh Justin why don't you just kind of
give us some quick background on
yourself and uh your experience yeah
I've been doing I've been doing content
marketing
for longer than I wanted at this point
over a decade um yeah worked at worked
in high growth startups and Tech for
almost all of those years and now I run
a consultancy and um around around
content distribution and like you said
founder of distribution first which is a
community membership all around again
content distribution and repurposing
this is stuff I talk about all day long
um and really trying to the goal with it
all is to help people get more out of
the content that they're creating so not
just like spinning our wheels on a
hamster wheel or or continually running
but we actually have a strategy to not
only create the content but get it in
front of the right eyeballs which paid
ads is a wonderful distribution so love
it yeah I love it you guys should
definitely check them out on LinkedIn
he's always posting great content on uh
content repurposing and yeah it's just
mind-blowing like the the lwh hanging
fruit that people have at their disposal
you know I remember you and I had a
conversation a while back and I was like
thinking about my content strategy like
you're like bro what are you talking
about you have these
courses make anything new yeah you're
like you already have everything you
need and I'm like wait a second he's
right and uh yeah the rest is history uh
so if everyone listening you're probably
like content why why are we talking
about content here on on learning from
the pros we usually talk about ads and
you know all these different things
around ads well the reason for this
episode is because ads I think of as
like the tip of the spear and especially
if you guys are listening to this and
you're trying to do a lot of demand
creation but but really anything ads you
need something that the ad is associated
to which is usually in the form of some
sort of content uh so I wanted to bring
on the master here to give us his 10
tips on how we can better align our paid
ad campaigns and our content strategies
together love it man you ready for
number one let's do it all right number
one I'm actually pull this is down the
list but I'm pulling it up because I
want to hear your thoughts on this um uh
my number one tip is don't create
ads and I put ads I put ads in quotes uh
so don't create ads I think for
me it's so easy to fall in the Trap of
looking at what other people are doing
or what you think you should do for an
ad or what you think you should do for a
piece of content
but on the flip side putting yourself in
the shoes of the audience we're we're
all hardwired at this point to skip ads
I know for a fact I'm just blind to them
at this point you know what I mean like
if I see one I just keep like I already
know it's an ad when I'm scrolling it it
doesn't even stop in my feed and so I
think how can you create an ad that
isn't an ad and how can you make
somebody stop and pay attention ition
and maybe even enjoy
it yeah
I I agree you know if we're talking
about social based ads like why are
people on social media it's not to watch
ads read ads it's to consume content so
for people listening and they're like oh
don't create ads I can already feel
their brain going into this like hyper
drive like I figured I'd just kick it
off I kick it off right you know let's
just skip skip to the good stuff uhhuh
like how do I do this and um where my
brain goes is just mirror the the native
best practices it's so interesting
because like clients ask all the time
they're like oh I've got this I've got
this piece of content that we promoted
organically how should I now promote it
for an ad and I'm like wait a
second it doesn't really change much if
all if at all like you I mean
assuming we're talking about LinkedIn
and meta ads in feed consumption take
the post promote it to the right people
extend it to life cycle end of story you
know uh assuming the original post isn't
awful um right but yeah I totally agree
and and it's interesting
because on that point people will create
additional work to promote assets
outside of reusing the assets they're
already using organically and there's a
lot of value because one of the other
things too when it comes to social based
ads is like you want to Stack social
proof so your post that you put on your
page likely already has a decent amount
of reactions so you can take that same
post now you can boost it as an ad on
the back end guarantee it gets in front
of the right people and now you're
starting out ahead because it doesn't
have zero reactions it has however many
reactions you're able to get what are
you trying to do take all take all my
other 10 tips in one in one statement
syvia
tip number
two I mean we'll get right into I think
the next one for me like you said is
like repurpose the content you already
have yeah use that stuff you know what I
mean I think so often we look at the
things that are already performing and
assume they can't be used again because
they performed when in reality it's like
no they're
performing that that's a
signal they can perform for you again
they can do you know that even whether
it's content or an old ad that you ran
last year that was performing well that
you know have since pause like it might
be worth revisiting that again like why
or looking back even if you don't
straight up repurpose it what's the
what's the remix you can do on that what
why did that one perform how can you
take the learnings from that and do it
the next time uh so I think like just
how can you think about the things that
you're already doing and maximize them
verus constantly feeling like you've got
to come up with new stuff is there a way
that you're kind of walk through that
thought process of like when
you're when you see something right in
this case maybe it's a a post that
you're thinking about repurposing in
some way maybe you have um an image and
you're thinking okay how can I maximize
this or I created a blog post how can I
maximize this where does your brain go
in terms of like thinking through the
the chest pieces how you can take that
piece of content and start to repurpose
it for me I have a couple different and
now it's funny you bring that up because
it's like I almost do this just
naturally it's like these checkboxes in
my brain one is like POV so does the
piece of content that um that I have
have an actual POV around it that I want
to get out there does it fit a Content
theme that's consistent with all my
other content themes so again the these
are more auditing steps of like is this
worth
repurposing but you know if I have a
great piece on mindset but mindset isn't
really you know if I had a great organic
you know topic about I'm talking about
mindset and it took off you know well I
don't really I don't sell mindset
coaching I don't have you know anything
really around mind like it's good but
it's not you know it doesn't really fit
into my core um the core things that I
talk about so that's a checkbox does it
fit the theme um and then really does
does it tie back
to what I what I sell eventually what I
what I do what I offer um again like
making sure sure those are consistent
because I don't want something out there
espe especially if I'm putting dollars
behind it uh I don't want something out
there that's going
to either confuse the audience
um and I I think it's easy to confuse
the audience even if we don't think
we're doing that um so I don't want to
confuse the audience I want to make them
burn calories thinking that wait I
thought Justin was the or I thought
company did this and now they're talking
about that like yeah that's weird um and
so I think like just having that
framework of thinking through um kind of
what those things and then as far as
like format like how I might reuse that
and remix it it's what formats I've
worked in the past so for instance if
I've done a particular
um piece of content that you know for me
I'm a Content guy so if I've done a
newsletter format that worked really
well or a a podcast if I'm gonna do a
pod why did that podcast work out really
well or why did that Carousel work out
really well or why did that short work
out really well um I'm gonna try to
think through what what those core sort
of formats are and mediums that I use to
be able to repurpose that stuff yeah
that's awesome and for the ad people
listening to this ideally your content
marketer on your
team is doing this work already so you
can
just tap in and be like hey what are the
pieces that you notice do really really
well
and and from your perspective Justin
like the pieces that you're producing
you put all this time and effort in it
you want to make sure it gets the the
longest shelf life right so if you had
your ads person coming to you and saying
hey how can I take the stuff that you're
already doing and help you maximize it
it's a win-win you know the
you're your on brand I love that around
the message that's such a good point I
think it's really easy to forget that
and content person wins you win
ultimately company wins and everyone
wins together right because we're we're
producing we're promoting the things
that are resonating and um getting you
know because unfortunately with social
it's like after 48 hours it's a wrap you
know what I mean the shelf life is so
low on organic posts yeah and that I
mean that does tie in I to the next one
like you kind of hit on it there but
like using paid as a as a lever for
guaranteed content
distribution uh and I'm gonna you know
you're speaking to the content folk I'll
speak speak to the content folks right
like it goes both ways right like make
sure you're working with you know if
you're uh running paid ads make sure
you're working with that content person
because they might not even know what
you can do with the
content uh so if you're trying to ma if
you're looking for you know you're both
it's easy right like to work in those
silos and try to both like work those
things up when it's like in reality
using paid to guarantee distribution and
guarantee lifespan on a piece of content
that you know even if it wasn't um even
if it wasn't like the best performing in
terms of like engagement or metrics but
you're like I know this hits the exact
message we want to talk about it and
tells a great story and shows something
in an authentic way can we put some
dollars behind to like guarantee it to
make sure it gets to the right people to
see if that message is in fact
resonating you know to be able to test
and and start to evolve on some of those
things so yeah using paid for for
Content distribution is is high up on my
list that's awesome tip number four all
right we
got oh here's so I touched on on the uh
in a couple ago but I think having a
clear
POV is really important in particular
like I'll say in particular on like
social ads um but I think it's probably
true regardless of the ad and it ties
back to the messaging side of
like there are so many there are so many
ads whether it's text based you know
infeed social video whatever it is that
look look the same feel the same sound
the same um even if they're
creative it's like the ad looks you know
man that just feels this feels the same
and so um I think having your unique
point of view within the ad again is
just a way to maximize that the idea
that you want to get out there gets out
there does that make does that make
sense to you soia
yeah 100% And and it keeps
your it keeps your your it also helps
from an ad perspective too because if
you're thinking about variations of your
ads you know by default if you know hey
here's the core POV that I want to speak
to then it already kind of helps you
eliminate all the irrelevant variations
you might consider running so that alone
if you're like okay maybe I have five
angles that I'm considering here
messaging angles but really there's only
two that really speak to it really
connects the the problem and the
solution really well then that already
allows you just like process of
elimination to say well I can put those
other three on the table or on the shelf
and then just focus on these two so then
you don't spread your budget out too
much how and I'm curious too like with
ads how do you think about it from the
standpoint of having a more like spiky
or strong point of view within an ad
like how do you think about that in
relation to like you know I think
sometimes it feels risky to to put
something out there so I I don't know
what are your thoughts on that I think
it just comes down to the Brand's
tolerance and what they're yeah what
they're willing to accept I I kind of
like I mean if it's up like for me with
ad conversion for example like it's all
on the table you know what I mean like I
want I'm like I want us to be
controversial I want us to be funny uh I
want us to not take ourselves too
serious but but I also want us to be
serious at times and practical and and
controversial you know what I mean and
uh so I think it really just comes down
to the Brand's tolerance and and
ultimately
what how they see theirself in terms of
like their their messaging and the
Persona they're going after you know in
my case we're going after marketers we
want to be fun we want to be on the edge
uh but I could totally see another
company maybe they're not
as tolerant to you know to that type
type of messaging but this is also too
where you can get creative you know what
I mean because maybe maybe you're super
like you're for lack of a better word
maybe your your culture is very serious
and your messaging is very serious but
there's a way that you
can like lawyers do this all the time
like ever seen these lawyers Billboards
they're like serious attorneys and
they're like you know what I mean it's
so cringe but like it's kind of like a
play on it you know and there's so many
of them that do it that it's got to be
working to some extent you know so this
could be you know like an example but at
the end of the day it's not what you do
but it's how you do it right and and
just kind of know based on your
constraints what you could do with and
do the best of it yeah for sure for sure
all right next on my list is let's see
here yeah it's funny we're talking about
all these content things and I feel like
they literally all EB and flow with each
other which is probably a good thing
right um but I think M make sure you
have consistent messaging again I talked
a little bit about like making sure
people don't have to burn calories uh to
understand what you do and I think a lot
of
companies rightly or
wrongly kind of just throw spaghetti at
the wall for what they want to talk
about at any given point and they might
have they might have an idea of what
being consistent is but it go kind of
goes back with repurposing and I would
even take it a step further is like
don't be afraid to repeat your messages
so like have consistency but then don't
be afraid to repeat those messages
either um because especially when you're
talking about ads and if you think about
if you think about the companies that
you instantly could see a brand and
recall what they do what they care about
what they know it's only because you've
seen those things and heard those
things over time probably way more than
you even
realize um you know and so I think like
if you want to be known liked and
trusted at scale by your audience you
have to get really comfortable repeating
your ideas over and over and over again
yes this is such a good tip and point
and
reminder I'm just the brand that came
into my mind instantly when you said
this was Geico like 15 minutes or less
how often do they that's all they
freaking say you know what I mean like
Rive caola you know it's like all of
these you know massive organizations in
companies you think about
like man wouldn't you think Geico might
change that slogan at some point and
they maybe have thought about it but
it's
like you've got a good thing going maybe
maybe maybe don't change that I wouldn't
doubt they've changed it over the years
like tested new ones and then they saw
the performance and they were just like
no we're going back we're going going
back to the to the tried and true you
know what I mean yeah abort Mission
that's such a good reminder I I
especially with ad fatigue oh my gosh we
you know what I mean we it's like so
easy to think
uh you need everything brand new but
really if you're speaking again to that
core I love that too because it just
makes everything so much simpler it's
like if you know the core POV the core
angle the core message and you know it's
working then it's just a matter of like
how can I presented in a different way
and then when you're talking about ads
specifically the recall of ads is even
worse than content
so I mean it's like it really isn't that
serious in the sense of I mean unless
you're like some massive brand like the
chances of somebody remembering the ad
that you promoted is so low in relation
to content like content is already low
ads is like on the like if content is
like it's like barely above water you
know like your ch just above and then
contents like dead or ads is like dead
on the bottom of the ocean just like you
know what I mean just drowned to death
like in terms of brand recall so yeah I
think that's a great tip and a good
reminder number six number six all right
uh let's see here what do we got I'm
gonna go
with because I've been jumping all over
the
place this one I think it I think it
fits and it was something I learned when
we were at metadata which is like don't
be Afra afraid to be different you know
it ties into some of the other ones you
talked about but don't be afraid to be
different um you know we tested a lot
of you know just interesting things when
we were at metadata and did a bunch of
different stuff and I think even from a
Content perspective as you think about
like building a strategy and and what
those things uh can do like it's
easy it's it's easy to look at what you
know it's funny you bring up those
lawyers right I bet every one of those
lawyers is like well that's what Jim
does like I'm just gonna do the same you
know I'm doing the same one you know and
maybe none of them are
working you know but they all are like
thinking that they're working so they
all do it so um but if there was one
lawyer in that group who did something
different they would stand out you know
you're like oh man that that that's
different and we all have those things
that we come across where it's just I I
I think it's so key in marketing in
general right now where there's so much
noise
like if you're running ads so is
everybody else if you're creating
content so is everybody else like what
are you gonna do that's different why
should I pay attention to you yeah and I
think that's a hugely
underrated piece of the puzzle which
is it's not enough just to create the
stuff uh you have to be interesting
enough you have to be
uh you know there's a lot that goes into
being being different differentiating
your marketing but I think if if you can
do that you've got a huge leg up and
it's only
after that when somebody makes the move
and then it becomes Justified that like
you know it's this new better way it's
only after like and then looking at it
you're like oh well that was
obvious you know like I'm just thinking
about Spotify right now like when they
originally started
um Pirate Bay was around and people were
downloading music for free through
Pirate Bay and Spotify uh their founder
noticed the trend of like how many
people were downloading music illegally
through Pirate Bay and he was like What
if I create a platform that offers music
for free but it's not illegal because
I'll broker deals with licensing with
these record labels and then they get
paid and the artist gets paid it's like
obvious looking back I mean ton of work
by the way uh they actually did a show
on Netflix about it but only looking
back like now it's like Oh yeah duh free
music for everyone like who wouldn't
want that you know what I mean but like
I'm sure at the time in the moment it
was such
a difficult and like just foreign idea
you know what I mean and I think on a
smaller scale if you think about your
marketing the same is true you know and
like there's so many opportunities for
you to just be different and I think a
good starting point for people listening
in terms of like a little tip on that is
just look at what everyone else is doing
you know like start there like what is
everybody else doing what are the
commonalities and it's just like okay is
there an opportunity to do the opposite
yeah that's literally what I did with
with the Academy I was like what is
everybody doing they're selling courses
and and I'm
like and I'm like okay and like
especially these these big institutions
they're selling courses that nobody
wants they're so freaking long I'm like
great we're going to make them free
instead of it being long it's going to
be no less than longer than 10 minutes
it was just like zigzag zigzag you know
what I mean and uh the same is true in
anything yep yeah it's the I mean it's
the same with a lot of my stuff right
like what do most people do they churn
out gobs of content never put any paid
ad send behind their content never
distribute that content again let it rot
in a Blog move on with their life go
create more stuff let it rot on a Blog
wonder why nothing's working spin on the
H get burned out hate their life you
know uh so yeah it's like find find the
opportunity where there's something to
be different and then you know you like
you said you never really know what's
gonna you have to be willing to take
that risk and be able to kind of make
that bet a little bit um and I think
part of that too is you know I I don't
know exactly uh what what type of orgs
everybody's in that that listen to these
but you know I mean sometimes you don't
get the approval to do the different
stuff you know what I mean like
sometimes what always gets approved is
the the most generic thing on the list
and so I think being able to you know
even if you can make those small bets
where it's like everything we do isn't
going to be different but like what are
those one or two things you can do that
are different that you can at least
start to move the needle with yeah
totally tip number seven all right are
we we're on seven already look at this
we're cruising so I think a unique one
especially when it comes to ads but I
think in content General is user
generated content and being able to use
user generated content and that could
be anything from you know a video to a
testimonial to a screenshot of an
interaction um I think those are the
types of things and it ties in kind of
with the last one of being different
being you know adding a level of
authenticity to your brand where it's
not not just the
standard here's our G2 reviews or here's
you know uh you know here's here's our
Amazon reviews it's like no here's a
real person that said a real thing about
this company and if you can do it in a
way that the more authentically you can
do it the
better yeah I think this is gold uh and
I totally agree for people listening do
you have any tips on on like actually
getting user generated content I think
sometimes it's as simple as asking you
know it's I think a lot of times we
don't even ask yeah that's true um you
know I've been shocked even in my own
business where it's like I've sent an
email with quick ask dot dot dot hey I'm
looking to do uh to get some more you
know testimonials for you just make the
ask and you'd be shocked at how often
especially if people enjoy your stuff
and like your your things
they'll respond or you know it could be
as simple as a LinkedIn DM or um just
different things like that so I think
don't be afraid to ask you know
depending if you're at a bigger organ
maybe it's like reaching out to your
customer Advisory Board reaching out to
your top customers having sales reach
out to their top you know or or customer
success reach out to it's you know it
doesn't have to be a big convoluted
thing sometimes as simple as an
ask I just had an idea while you were
talking I was like what you know it
could be a cool campaign idea
if you export a list of all your
existing customers and then you run an
ad to them with the ask of generating
user gener I've never done that but like
that could be potentially really cool
you know what I mean like yeah and then
and then just like another way of like
extending the the reach and the ask you
know yeah that's cool that's cool yeah
and and and you're to to what you're
talked about guarantees delivery on that
right like email you know you've got at
anywhere from a
20 to 45 50% open rate which is leaving
50% to 70% at the off the table yeah so
you know you you could definitely do
some that's
interesting yeah let's see maybe I'll do
it one day you're gon have to run it now
you spoken it into the universe you got
to do it now all the students at that
conversion they're gonna see a ugc
request ad in their in their feed that'd
be awesome that would be sick I'll
definitely you posted uh tip number
eight uh number eight have the right
content for the right stage of the
customer
journey and so what I think often
happens is we want as as marketers we
like to have one siiz fits all things
where it's like even if we don't
purposely do that that's kind of our
expectation in the background of like
I'll just do this thing and everybody
will you know want you know I'll do I
I'll show the new features and everybody
will be like yeah I can't you know well
only the people who know your product or
have use your actually care about the
new features anybody who's new they
don't care they don't know oh you do you
do that interest so it's like having the
right content and having a plan you know
we're talking about content strategy
like having a plan in place a strategy
in place that touches people regardless
of where they're at in that Journey
really matters and that's where like you
know I mean I've I've had conversations
with teams who are hesitant to put paid
ads behind like just straight content
that doesn't include like a download
form or a you know a reason to do
something like you know how do I wait
I'm putting money behind like a podcast
clip um and it's like well yeah because
but you're only GNA Market you know make
sure you're marketing that to the right
people um you know who who fit a
particular stage who AR maybe aren't a
customer etc etc like or maybe your goal
is to get customers to listen to your
podcast so they love you even more like
in that case that that's the goal um so
I think having having the right content
for the right stage I don't know what do
you think about that I think it's a must
yeah yeah I totally agree um I'm just
I'm just thinking in my head right now
of
like the amount of people who just push
demos to that's what I'm thinking yeah a
cold like freezer cold you know what I
mean been sitting in there for two
months just it's just a block of ice you
know like and they they reach out to
these people and they ask them for demo
like that's the first thing that came to
my mind on that note for people
listening this is something I invite you
to test but on the agency side we've
been working with this one client in the
cyber security space and they have um an
intent provider and the intent provider
has classified the audience as has in
Market High intent and I think in B2B
specifically where people will hear what
what you're saying Justin they're like
yeah you know I get it I get it but I
need demos you know what I mean it's
like full stop and then they and then
they kind of get into this technology
game where they're like well I can
bypass that by getting an intent
provider the intent provider can then
find people who are in Market I can then
give them a demo because based on the
intent provider it does make sense
because they're in market and they're
not just ice cold you know and in my
experience running tests against these
audiences with these providers demo
almost never works if it works it works
a little but it's so unreasonably High
it doesn't work for long you know and um
yeah I invite everyone listening to to
see for yourself but what I often find
myself doing especially with clients is
going back to the
fundamentals hey we can't just force a
demo people on cold prospects unless
there's like an incentive involved then
it's different because it's enough to I
call them awareness demos like at least
they they'll get on a call get aware Etc
you build a nurture relationship but
just pushing these offers without any
concept of where they are is is key and
it always goes back to what you said
around you know if these people are cold
promote your brand to them get them
familiar with you move them through the
the journey it's just I think the
hardest thing thing that people get hung
up on is the the tracking and the
measurement of that and it's slower than
people
want I think people want like that like
you said like we need more we need more
you know demos now and the reality is
the demos now came from your work six
months
ago um you know that might be hard
conversations of what you were doing six
months ago uh but that's the reality of
like you have to get you have to get
somebody to move through the stages of
relationship essentially and that might
go quicker that might go f if it's a low
P if it's a low you know an Ecom buy or
whatever that might go from like a
social post to a you know a a coupon
code to I'm ready you know like that the
barrier is so low but when you're
talking about a you know multi- tens of
thousands hundreds of thousands of
dollar sale there's a little bit more
barrier there than just like you have
the best product and here's our demo and
come check it out even if I'm quote
unquote in in you know Market fit
because there's a lot of barriers that
go into making a buying decision Beyond
just I could have the money but maybe
not the time I could have the time but I
ain't got the money I could have the I
could have the time and the money but
not the willingness to want to change my
status quo of what I'm already doing
like there's a lot of things that go
into making a buying decision that I
think people want to bypass by like the
Quick Fix um um de yeah totally tip
number nine tip number nine we're
winding down here I'm I I know you're
gonna have a lot to say about this one
and uh and I'm interested in it from
your standpoint because it's it's much
more of an a practical ad strategy but I
think using
retargeting
to you know engage people who are to
re-engage people who have already
signaled
that they're interested in your stuff or
interested in your content it's I think
it's a a a fascinating way and again
like we just talked about that doesn't
mean retargeting them with a demo even
it could be retargeting them with more
things that gets them going down the
journey depending on what it is you're
retargeting them off of but I think it's
a a fascinating way to sort of marry
content and ads to
move people down the buying Journey if
I've got you in for
a uh event or a webinar or something boy
that's that's a a a really good way to
move you on to the next thing or to just
offer you another piece you know within
our system Beyond just um you know
because again maybe they need maybe they
need more nurturing and I think using
retargeting is a way to be able to do
that oh my God I I cannot agree
more this is like I mean everyone like
you know retargeting is essential but
just the way I think about retargeting
as well it's like retargeting is a
newsletter that people didn't opt
into I like that when you think about it
from that
perspective you have so much possibility
right
because people visited your website they
went to your company page they watched a
video whatever the thing is that you can
retarget off
of Now by default because of their
actions they're opted in to your
newsletter that is your retargeting
audience and now it's up to you where
you can you know just like any
newsletter right like if you just had a
newsletter and every freaking email was
just buy my like the unsubscribes
are going to be outrageous right and
this the same thing from an ads
perspective it's like okay well maybe we
shouldn't just ask people to buy all the
time we can mix it up like a newsletter
we can you know have different pieces so
the way I think about it is uh thought
leadership social proof product
marketing and just Ser up direct offers
and those are the four different buckets
that we sprinkle in this beautiful
little uh what is the word uh no choice
newsletter you know um and and we want
to create a good experience because the
unlike a typical newsletter where
somebody can just unsubscribe and opt
out on remarketing H
it's very hard to opt out you know like
some channels give you privacy options
where you can like adjust your ads and
things like this but it's tough It's
really tough and then imagine you're
doing that across
channels so it's not like I can just go
and opt out of one place and I opt out
of EX person's newsletter I gotta go to
meta I got to change my ad settings I
gotta go to LinkedIn I gotta go to
Twitter I gotta go you know so on and so
forth it's ridiculous so like you can
really create a negative experience I
was going to yeah
it's the op it's the exact opposite of
what you think you're going to do by
doing that you know the goal of this
should be to get people to like you even
more and trust you even more and if
you're providing a bad experience across
every platform I'm on I'm like I am
never doing business with this stupid
company ever I don't care what they do
I'm sick of their ads and we've all had
that experience yeah yeah if you ever go
on YouTube and then you saw an ad and
then you like I don't know maybe there's
like multiple slots within the same
video and then you see the same ad again
that is not YouTube's fault that is the
fault of The Advertiser they didn't set
frequency caps I guess you could blame
fre YouTube too because they allowed
multiple placements in the same video
but they're supposed to set frequency
caps and they didn't and that's why they
created a bad experience for you um but
yes tip number 10 the final tip number
10 that's right we're gonna wrap it up
I've I should have saved my my not adds
one for last but uh I think just the the
in content and in marketing in general
and I I feel like this is a a good
overarching one to close on which is
like just be being willing to adapt and
change as you learn what's happening so
I think sometimes it's very easy to say
this is our
strategy stake in the ground immovable
object this we this is what we're doing
this is our ad strategy this is our you
know content strategy this is what we're
doing um and I think uh I described this
to somebody earlier today as you know
you want a strategy that's firm but
flexible so you want to you want to have
something that you can potentially stick
in the ground you know you want to be
able to have something that's there you
right you don't want to to be blown by
you know every time the wind blows
you're knocked over every time the
something CH you know something comes
tees you don't want that but you want it
to be fible to where you know you can
make the changes as they come and you
and and you can be able to be flexible
in terms of what happens so I think
being being able to be adaptable
flexible and so key is something I
actually have to work on with myself
more and more is like I like to you know
rigid and I have this plan and this is
how I want to do it and then you know I
beat myself up if things don't go right
and so I think being willing and able to
to adjust and and and be movable but at
the same time like on the flip side of
that I uh you know flexibility for the
sake of flexibility isn't good either
right where we're just like kind of
flying by the seat of our pants and we
have no you know plan plan for where we
going so it really is that
balance firm but flexible yeah I love
that that's a great point so just to
recap the 10 tips for everybody
listening uh tip number one is to not
create ads tip number two was to
repurpose the content you already have
and then Justin shared some really great
tips around how he audits the the
content that he has so thinking around
the content theme alignment the
connecting if it connects to your
solution if it's worth putting
additional ad dollars to uh and then
just really thinking through the
different formats so like if it's point
of view newsletter podcast and so on and
so forth tip number three was to use
paid ads to guarantee distribution and
really think of it from that perspective
of like hey I've got this thing that's
working I want to get more people to
look at it I can use ads as a mechanism
to achieve that outcome tip number four
was having a clear point of view and how
that can really help you shape your prz
your ad distribution your choices of of
uh ad variations and and how you're
going to actually put The Campaign
together tip number five was having
consistent messaging and I I like
underscore this thing on my notes here
because I'm like this was for a reminder
to myself do not be afraid to repeat I
love that uh a th% u tip number six was
don't be afraid to be different and
obviously depending on your your
constraints but try to figure out ways
that you can stand out tip number seven
is to leverage user generated content
and don't forget it's as simple as just
asking people if they can actually
produce that content and for anybody
listening if you run that campaign idea
of running ugc to your existing
customers please please send us a DM and
let us know how it goes and uh tip
number eight was have the right content
for the stage you know you don't want to
just Jam a square peg in a round hole
you want to make sure that people
actually are ready for the content
they're going to receive especially if
you're putting money behind it tip
number nine was to leverage retargeting
in addition so that way you can actually
get people in your ecosystem and and
move them through and then finally tip
number 10 was be willing to adapt firm
blit flexible Justin this was awesome if
people want to connect with you where
can they find you yeah if you if you
want to connect I'm on LinkedIn five
days a week uh I also write a Weekly
Newsletter which you can find at news.
Justin simon. and I have a weekly
podcast that comes out with if you're if
you're like a junkie on distribution and
repurposing and want to figure out how
to maximize anything that you're
creating uh inside of marketing I have a
show that I do every single week called
distribution first and you can find that
wherever you listen to podcast awesome
Justin thanks so much and we'll see
everyone in the next episode thanks siio